Add example for proposal generation in Python (#1493)
microsoft/CCF: doc/members/proposals.rst

These proposals and votes should be sent as the body of HTTP requests as described below.

Creating Proposals in Python
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
``ccf.proposal_generator`` can also be imported and used in a Python application instead of as a command-line tool.

.. code-block:: python

    import ccf.proposal_generator

    proposal, vote = ccf.proposal_generator.open_network()

    # Suppose `ccf_client` is an instance of `CCFClient` with 
    # the default `RequestClient` client implementation.
    response = ccf_client.post(
        "/gov/proposals", body=proposal, signed=True,
    )

> Avoid using the ``ccf.proposal_generator.ProposalGenerator`` class, which wraps the proposal generation functions to write proposals and votes to disk as JSON instead of directly returning dictionaries.

Reviewer: This isn't quite right. The `ProposalGenerator` class writes to file, but still returns the useable proposal. If it writes `proposal_foo.json`, it returns the string `"@proposal_foo.json"`, which both the `RequestClient` and `CurlClient` will treat curl-style (ie - use the contents of the path). This is how our tests generate proposals. The advantage is that the proposals can be inspected after the fact. So if the caller wants to inspect or modify the proposal as a dict, they can use `ccf.proposal_generator`, but in most cases they should also be able to use a `ccf.proposal_generator.ProposalGenerator` instance.

Author: That's my fault - I didn't read through `RequestClient` exactly and assumed it wouldn't work with the `@<filename>` input since `requests` calls take a `dict`. I thought the `ProposalGenerator` was just for the `CurlClient`.

These proposals and votes should be sent as the body of HTTP requests as described below.

Creating Proposals in Python
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
``ccf.proposal_generator`` can also be imported and used in a Python application instead of as a command-line tool.

.. literalinclude:: ../../python/tutorial.py
    :language: py
    :start-after: SNIPPET: import_proposal_generator
    :lines: 1

To retrieve a proposal and vote as dictionaries, use the proposal generation functions directly.

.. literalinclude:: ../../python/tutorial.py
    :language: py
    :start-after: SNIPPET_START: dict_proposal
    :end-before: SNIPPET_END: dict_proposal

> To generate proposals and votes that are written to disk as JSON, use the ``ccf.proposal_generator.ProposalGenerator`` class. This causes the functions to return strings indicating the location of the generated files. If the ``ProposalGenerator`` was created with a ``common_dir`` argument, generated files have that ``common_dir`` prepended.
> Though the ``proposal`` and ``vote`` values returned are now strings, this is still compatible with the ``ccf.client.CCFClient``, which will now build its request body by loading from file.
> 
> .. literalinclude:: ../../python/tutorial.py
>     :language: py
>     :start-after: SNIPPET_START: json_proposal
>     :end-before: SNIPPET_END: json_proposal
> 
> Proposal generation calls from a ``ProposalGenerator`` can optionally include file names specifying where to write output to, which allows you to save different proposals separately.
> 
> .. literalinclude:: ../../python/tutorial.py
>     :language: py
>     :start-after: SNIPPET_START: json_proposal_with_file
>     :end-before: SNIPPET_END: json_proposal_with_file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may wish to write these proposals to files so they can examined or modified further. These proposal files can be submitted directly - ``CCFClient`` will treat string request bodies beginning with an ``@`` as file paths in the same way that ``curl`` does, and use the content of the file when sending.

.. literalinclude:: ../../python/tutorial.py
    :language: py
    :start-after: SNIPPET_START: json_proposal_with_file
    :end-before: SNIPPET_END: json_proposal_with_file
```
